# HW08 - ECE Tools

## Ryan Hlucny

### Overview

I have had to use many ECE tools throughout the course of this project already. I will simply point out a few of the ECE tools I have demonstrated mastery of in my tasks.

### Tool 1 - MATLAB

I used MATLAB extensively in tasks 1, 3, and 4. In 1 I demonstrates skillful use of 3D plotting and 3D function generation. For task 3, I used MATLAB to generate the LUT which i tested in C++. And in task 4, all of the simulation and analysis for the state-space system was done using MATLAB, which required a certain level of mastery in and of itself.

MATLAB is one of the most powerful tools I've had the privilege of learning to use while studying my undergraduate degree at NDSU and while working at my internship with Collins Aerospace.

### Tool 2 - C++ Embedded Development in VS Code

In tasks 2 and 3 I developed a lot of code from scratch in C++ for the Pico W using the PlatformIO embedded development platform extension in VS Code. VS Code is another ECE tool which I have found to be of utmost importance. I use it at NDSU for my classes and I used it extensively while at my internship with Collins Aerospace. It is truly a versatile tool, similar to MATLAB, but it has its own perks and shortcomings. Pairing MATLAB and VS Code together makes a very strong combination of software and algorithm development and simulation abilities. Also just being able to have multiple projects open at the same time and working on a lot of different things at once can be challenging without being comfortable with a good IDE like VS Code.

### Tool 3 - Git

Probably the tool you never get to see me use is Git, and that's because I'm using it on the command line the whole time in the background while I'm developing code and documenting this project. Git is an *extremely* important ECE tool. Every internship I've been to had a huge component of git. And git was also one of the weaker areas of the engineers who were already there full-time. It's such a critical skill for developing any kind of ECE software in a team. It's the best way to version control your code or any type of project, really. And that's why I chose to use git to version control this project, including all my MATLAB, documentation, C++ programming in VS Code, LUT generation, images, videos, etc. All of it is version controlled by git. This is a very powerful way of working together in a team, or even solo just by having an easier way to manage and organize the project. This has also led me to the decision to host this project on GitHub, which is where all of the documentation for this project is located (which is where you're reading this right now... I know, crazy!) But really learning git is probably the best ECE tool I've learned and applied over and over again, from mentoring high-school robotics teams to working in the real world. It's used everywhere and I think it's one of the most worthwhile and powerful ECE tools you can learn.
